<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [tough-cookie](./tough-cookie.md) &gt; [SetCookieOptions](./tough-cookie.setcookieoptions.md)

## SetCookieOptions interface

Configuration options used when calling `CookieJar.setCookie(...)`

**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface SetCookieOptions 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[http?](./tough-cookie.setcookieoptions.http.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Indicates if this is an HTTP or non-HTTP API. Affects HttpOnly cookies.

Defaults to `true` if not provided.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ignoreError?](./tough-cookie.setcookieoptions.ignoreerror.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Silently ignore things like parse errors and invalid domains. Store errors aren't ignored by this option.

Defaults to `false` if not provided.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[loose?](./tough-cookie.setcookieoptions.loose.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Controls if a cookie string should be parsed using `loose` mode or not. See [Cookie.parse()](./tough-cookie.cookie.parse.md) and [ParseCookieOptions](./tough-cookie.parsecookieoptions.md) for more details.

Defaults to `false` if not provided.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[now?](./tough-cookie.setcookieoptions.now.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Date \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Forces the cookie creation and access time of cookies to this value when stored.

Defaults to `Date.now()` if not provided.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[sameSiteContext?](./tough-cookie.setcookieoptions.samesitecontext.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

'strict' \| 'lax' \| 'none' \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Set this to 'none', 'lax', or 'strict' to enforce SameSite cookies upon storage.

- `'strict'` - If the request is on the same "site for cookies" (see the RFC draft for more information), pass this option to add a layer of defense against CSRF.

- `'lax'` - If the request is from another site, but is directly because of navigation by the user, such as, `<link type=prefetch>` or `<a href="...">`<!-- -->, then use `lax`<!-- -->.

- `'none'` - This indicates a cross-origin request.

- `undefined` - SameSite is not enforced! This can be a valid use-case for when CSRF isn't in the threat model of the system being built.

Defaults to `undefined` if not provided.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
